How do I join the FFL Corporate Slack workspace?
Joining the FFL Corporate Slack Workspace
Please click this [link](https://familyfirstli-4hk4793.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-x00v2m2v-0GzM8_rxuDXf3V~UsG59NA#/shared-invite/email) to access to the FFL Corporate Slack Workspace.
If you do not have a Slack account you will need to create one.  If you already have a Slack account, you will need to connect your account to the FFL Corporate Workspace.  This will allow you to switch across your workspaces from you single Slack account.
DO
Conduct yourself in a professional manner
Create posts in the appropriate channel  (Each channel is a different topic)
Any member of the Slack community is encouraged to answer any question, but please be sure you have an accurate answer before sharing.
You can use the direct message feature to have private conversations with other members of the workspace. Please help to keep the main channels clean of conversations
DO NOT
Share agent's or your personal information in any of the public channels
Use the @Channel function, as all members get notified
Use Slack to bypass standard processes (HCMS and Email) to submit requests to the FFL Corporate contracting team
Ask a question that has already been asked - please react to the post with the hand emoji ✋.  This will allow us to see how many people have the same question

Add Missing Carrier
Click the "Requests" link in the left navigation bar
Click the "Add Request" button
Select the "Add Carrier" button
Select "Missing Carrier/ Writing Number" radio button
Select the agent
Select the Carrier
Enter the Writing Number
Click the "Send Request" button after adding all missing carriers

How do I Create a Request?
Click "Requests" on the left navigation
Click "Add Request" button
Select request type from the drop down list
Complete the form and submit
Each request gets an individual approval

How do I View Requests that have been Closed?
Click "Requests" on the left navigation
Click the "Filter" button
Click the drop-down menu for the "Request Status" option
Select "Closed”
Click the "Search" button

How does it work if an agent is also an admin or an admin becomes an agent?
HCMS supports a single user having multiple roles.  If you are both an agent and an admin, your single account will be assigned multiple roles.  Please reach out to the HCMS support team support-hcms@uppatop.com and request your agent profile to be added to your existing account. 
Once your account has been updated and you have logged into HCMS, select the role by clicking on the role selection box to the left of your profile picture.  All activities performed in the system will be as the role you have selected.

How do I change the compensation level for one of my agents?
Click "Requests" on the left navigation
Click the "Add Request" button
Select the downline agent whose compensation you wish to change
Click on "Select Level" and select new comp level
Click the "Send Request" button
*Levels available are based on the comp of the agent’s upline and the highest comp of any agent in the agent’s downline.  Agent’s comp muse be greater than highest downline’s comp and lower than upline’s comp.

Add New Carrier
Click the "Requests" link in the left navigation bar 
Click the "Add Request" button 
Select "New Carrier - SureLC Link" radio button 
Select the agent 
Select the carrier
Select applicable products
Click the "Send Request" button

How do I update the writing number for an agent?
Click on "Agents" (left navigation menu)
Search for the Agent
Click on the Agent's record
Click on the "Carriers and Products" tab
Click on the edit icon (pencil) for the writing number you would like to edit
Enter the new value and click "Save"

How Do I Know When a Request Requires My Action?
Click the dashboard tab on the left navigation
Click on the number in the Requests box (if there is no number, there are no open Requests). Alternatively, you can click on Requests in the left menu bar
Click the Request record
Scroll down to see if any action is required for you to take, as listed in the "Request Timeline" section at the bottom of the

Onboarding an Agent : How Do I Invite A New Agent in HCMS?
Existing agent or admin invites new agent using the “Invite Agent” request type
Existing agent or admin completes form to invite prospective agent
Welcome email sent to agent to begin Onboarding
Agent Onboarding process
Agent confirms and updates personal information
Agent creates their password
Confirmation that onboarding is complete
Agency Admin reviews and approves request
Invited agent receives email informing them they are authorized to log into HCMS

What is HCMS and Who uses it?
Hierarchy and Compensation Management System (HCMS) is an application that supports a variety of business processes within an IMO. It's an on demand system that provides self-service capability to its users who are able to obtain information whenever needed. Users have transparency to information related to all activities directly and indirectly related to them that they have created or created by others. It supports the management of a variety of business processes not limited to adding new carriers, inviting/hiring new agents, compensation changes, and hierarchy changes.
All agents and admins in your IMO uses the application to improve overall efficiency allowing agents to spend more time growing their teams. HCMS is used by agents, agency admins, agency owners, and corporate users for the IMO.

How do I clear my notifications?
Go to the upper right hand corner of the screen
Click the bell icon
Click the mark all as read option

How do I change my password?
Click profile icon in the top right corner of the screen
Click view profile
Select change password at the right most side of the screen at the top

How do I create a request?
Click "Requests" on the left navigation
Click "Add Request" button
Select request type from the list

How do I view my profile?
Click on the profile icon
Click "View Profile"

How is the screen organized?
List of available menu options based on your profile
Dashboard widgets summarizing key data
Application header that includes system messages, profile, and information about the organization and role of the logged in user

What is HCMS?
HCMS is an application that supports the various processes within an IMO. It's an on demand system that provides self service capability to its users who are able to obtain information whenever needed. Users will have transparency to information related to all activities directly and indirectly related to them. It supports the management of a variety of business processes not limited to adding new carriers, inviting new agents, compensation changes, and hierarchy changes.
