How can I View my Upline and Downlines?
Click the profile icon in the upper-right part of the screen
Click "View profile"
View Upline and Downline in both Contracting Hierarchy and Production Hierarchy sections

How do I Create a Request?
Click "Requests" on the left navigation
Click "Add Request" button
Select request type from the drop-down list
Complete the form and submit
Each request gets an individual approval

How do I Add/Invite a New Agent to HCMS?
Click “Requests” on the left menu
Select the “Add Request” button
Click the “Invite Agent” Option
Fill in the required information
Click the “Send Request” button

What is HCMS and Who Uses it?
Hierarchy and Compensation Management System (HCMS) is an application that supports a variety of business processes within an Insurance Marketing Organization (IMO). It's an on-demand system that provides self-service capability to its users who are able to obtain information whenever needed. Users have transparency of information related to all activities, directly and indirectly, related to them that they have created or were created by others. It supports the management of a variety of business processes, not limited to adding new carriers, inviting/hiring new agents, compensation changes, and hierarchy changes.
All Agents and Admins in your IMO use the application to improve overall efficiency, allowing agents to spend more time growing their teams. HCMS is used by Agents, Agency Admins, Agency Owners, and Corporate users for the IMO.

How Do I Edit My Profile?
Click profile picture
Click view profile
Click edit icon (pencil and pad icon) in contact information section
The following values are editable: First Name, Middle Name, Last Name, Phone Number, Address, Profile Image, and email.
Click the "Save" button to save the changes
Note: If you edit your email address, the new email now becomes your login email

Add Missing Carrier
Click the "Requests" link in the left navigation bar
Click the "Add Request" button
Select "Add Carrier"  
Select "Missing Carrier / Writing Number" radio button
Click the “+Add Carrier” button
Select the Carrier
Enter the Writing Number
Go to Step 3 to add more carriers
Click the "Send Request" button after adding all missing carriers

Add New Carrier
Click the "Requests" link in the left navigation bar
Click the "Add Request" button
Click the "Add Carrier" button
Select the "New Carrier - SureLC Link" radio button
Select the Carrier
Select applicable products
Click the "Send request" button

What are the Types of Requests?
Compensation Change: Used by an Agent who wishes to change the compensation level for a member in their Downline
Invite Agent: Used by an Agent who wishes to hire and onboard a new Agent
Add Carrier: Used by an Agent who wishes to contract with a New Carrier that is currently not available within their SureLC account or to add a Missing Carrier / Writing Number
 
How do I Clear my Notifications?
Click the bell icon - (Next to profile picture)
Click the "Mark All as Read" option

How do I View Requests (Closed, In Progress, Pending etc.)?
Click "Requests" on the left navigation
Click the "Filter" button
Configure appropriate filter options
Click the “Search” button

How do I Add a Comment to a Request?
From Request Detail view 
Scroll to the “Comments” section
Type your comment
Click the “Post Comment” button when finished
To find a request see FAQ “How do I View Requests (Closed, In Progress, Pending etc.)?”

How do I View my Profile?
Click on the profile picture
Click "View Profile"
How do I View the Status of the Requests I Create?
Click "Requests” on the left menu
Click “Filter” button
Select “My Requests” under Request Category
Click “Search” button

How do I change my password?
Click profile picture
Click "View Profile"
Select "Change password" tab 

How do I edit my writing number?
To edit your writing number, please follow the steps below:
Click on your profile picture
Click on "View Profile"
Click on the "Carriers & Products" tab
Click on the edit (pencil) icon for the writing number you would like to edit
Enter the new value and click "Save"

How Do I Know When a Request Requires My Action?
Click "Requests" on the left navigation
Click the eye icon to view the request 
Scroll down to see if any action is required for you to take

